CSE132 Cover Page for Lab 5a

By submitting this assignment, you certify that you have read, 
understood, and complied with the CSE 132 Collaboration Policy.

Who worked on this lab?

     Last Name           Last 3 Digits of student's ID

1)	 Wang				 570
2)   Zhou				 816
3)   Liu                 789
4)   Wang				 999

--Tell us about your protocol:

Message type:
0 - hello message (client to server) 
	name - UTF8-encoded String
1 - hello response message (server to client) 
	game version - 1 byte
	player number - 1 byte
2 - Quit message (client to server)
	player number - 1 byte
3 - Leave message (server to client)
	player number - 1 byte
4 - Start message (client to server) 
	player number - 1 byte
5 - gamefield update message (server to clients) 
	cards left in deck - 1 byte
	current field size - 1 byte
	12 cards - 1 String per card
6 - gameplayer update message (server to clients) 
	number of players - 1 byte
	per player: player number - 1 byte
7 - gamescore update message (server to clients) 
	number of players - 1 byte
	per player: player number - 1 byte
				player score - 1 byte
8 - numberOfPlayer upper limit (server to client)
	number of player - 1 byte
9 - Input message(client to server)
    message -UTF8-encoded String
10 - ChatBox update(server to client)
    message -UTF8-encoded String
13 - player call (client to server)
	 player number - 1 byte
14 - allow select cards (server to client) 
 	 player number - 1 byte
15 - player send selected card (client to server)
	 player number - 1 byte
	 3 cards - 1 String per card
16 - player send time out
	 player number - 1 byte
	 indicator - 1 byte
18 - invalid set (server to clients)
	 player number - 1 byte
	 reason - 1 byte (1 == TIMEOUT, 2 == NOTASET)
	 Note: Feel free to add additional possible reasons to this message type.
60 - game over (server to clients)
	 winning player number - 1 byte



If there is anything else we should know about your work on this assignment, 
please explain here:

Special Notice!!!
1`  Run GameServerOnly as the server and Client as the client
2`  Players need to play 6 trials to finish the game and a winner is decided after the 6 trials
	The highest possible scores for each game (the 6 trials) is 18, 3 points for each valid set found
3`	Our server guarantees there is a valid set for each trial (the 12 cards on screen)! Just find it!
4`  Sometimes it might take a while to check the validity of the set you selected. 
	Please give it a little bit more time to check.

Procedure:
1`	Each new opened GUI needs to enter a name in the text box before the button join
	and then click button join
2` 	Our server will return your player ID. The ID is assigned according to the order you open the GUI,
	but not the order you click join!
3`	The number of players in a game is up to 4. If a 5th GUI want to join, the chat box will show "Room full"
4`	You can play by yourself, or wait for other players to join.
	After all players pressed join, one of the player can press start and all players start to play.
	Anyone who tries to join after someone press start will receive message "Room full" 
5`	The server will send 12 cards to the game fields after start
	There is always one or more set in the cards sent by the server.
6`	If anyone find a set, press call button
7`	The player who pressed call button first can select cards by clicking the cards, after 3 presses
	the cards information will be automatically sent to server.
	The player has 10 seconds to select cards after successfully called.
	Other players cannot call or select cards during this time.
8`	If the player got a valid set, the score will be updated
	If the player got a invalid set, the chat box will show "Not A Set"
	If the player does not make a selection in 10 seconds, the chat box will show "TIMEOUT"
9`	The chat box will automatically show "Game over" and the winning player number
10`	All players can leave the game by clicking the button Quit.
	After the player quit, the player score box will disappear
	The calculation of winning player will not consider the quit players 

Code for cards' name:
-Attribution denoted in: 1,2,3
-Color: red, green, blue
-shape:diamond, squiggle, rectangle
-shading: solid, shaded, or open 
-number: one, two, or three

